W-16326468 Adding alt text to images (#284)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc

. Add the *Send Custom Metric* operation to your application flow. +
This image shows an example flow for custom metrics in Anypoint Studio. 
+

> image::custom-metric-example-flow.png["Example app flow in Studio with custom metrics connector Send Custom Metrics trigger, a logger component, and Salesforce and AmazonS3 connector operations"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::custom-metric-example-flow.png["Example app flow in Studio with Custom Metrics Connector Send Custom Metrics source, a Logger component, and Salesforce and Amazon S3 connector operations"]
```

For facts, the value must always be numerical. This is not validated at design time, but a non-numerical value will cause a runtime exception once deployed.
.. Leave the *Collapsible* option with the default of *True*.
.. Click *Finish*. +
You can repeat these steps to add multiple key values. 
+
This image shows example values for a custom metric that tracks t-shirt sales.
+

> image::custom-metrics-connector-config.png["Send Custom Metrics trigger general configuration properties form with example values for contextual information and measurements"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::custom-metrics-connector-config.png["Send Custom Metrics source general configuration properties form with example values for contextual information and measurements"]
```
